Add Release 2021.07.2 (#2383)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2021/index.md

---
## July

### Weekly Release 2021.07.2

| Change                                                                         | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Bug fixed in 2021.07.2](#bug-fixed-in-2021-07-2)                            | July 28, 2021            |

#### Bug fixed in 2021.07.2

> Authentication responses didn't include the Provider ID (`IdP.id`) or Provider Type (`IdP.type`) properties for some Okta-sourced users. (OKTA-410677)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Get current session API](/docs/reference/api/sessions/#get-current-session) (`/api/v1/sessions/me`) didn't include the Provider ID (`IdP.id`) or Provider Type (`IdP.type`) properties for some Okta-sourced users. (OKTA-410677)
```

Reviewer: I know this is already approved by the SME, but it would be nice to document the specific API where the the bug is occurring.
This is a suggestion, so I'm approving the PR if you decide to go with the original text. 🚢

Author: @brianduffield-okta please check Van's comment and see if there's anything you want to add. Thanks.

Reviewer 2: Hi @vanngo-okta ... I originally wanted to add this, too; however, SMEs were insistent on keeping it generic as this bug happened outside the sessions object, as well. cc @christinechoy-okta
